release 0.10.2 (#1092)
NeuralEnsemble/python-neo: doc/source/releases/0.10.2.rst

========================
Neo 0.10.2 release notes
========================

8th March 2022

> This release replace 0.10.1 because:
> 
> 1. Something was push accidentaly on pypi in `spike2rawio.py <https://github.com/NeuralEnsemble/python-neo/issues/1089>`_
> 2. the doc waas not building on `readthedoc <https://github.com/NeuralEnsemble/python-neo/issues/1084>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release fixes the following bugs introduced in 0.10.1:

1. Remove broken imports in `spike2rawio.py <https://github.com/NeuralEnsemble/python-neo/issues/1089>`_
2. Fix the compilation of the documentation on `readthedoc <https://github.com/NeuralEnsemble/python-neo/issues/1084>`_
```
